the Suicide Squad is officially coming
to the DC Cinematic Universe but how do
we keep task force X from becoming
cinematic suicide let's take a look at 7
things we think need to happen in 2016
Suicide Squad before we get started
somewhere you may be wondering who the
hell is Suicide Squad aka Task Force X
they are an off-the-books black ops
organization that takes incarcerated
criminals and gives them seemingly
impossible tasks in exchange for reduced
prison sentence for those of you
wondering why these uber criminals don't
run off first chance they get or go back
to destroying the DC Universe is most
notable cities it's because they have
bombs implanted in their heads which I
don't know about you but for me that's
some damn fine motivation for sticking
to the plan okay now that you know who
the Suicide Squad is what do we need for
the squad to be supreme this team can be
as large as necessary especially since
we'll need some expendable characters to
get blown up at random times but here's
what's essential first in order for this
film to be what it should be
we need Amanda the wall Waller sometimes
friends sometimes the foe leader of the
Suicide Squad can talk down psychos
throughout Lex Luthor and even out scowl
Batman
she's so sassy in the past she's been
portrayed by legends like Pam Grier on
Smallville Angela Bassett and Green
Lantern so we need someone who can bring
this sadistic sociopathic Oprah to life
this is a woman so cunning even how
ulterior motives have ulterior motives
most importantly we need someone who
believably can intimidate an entire team
of supervillains or blow them up with
zero remorse if they decide they want to
do something dumb
while Waller may be calling the shots we
need a serious leader on the ground and
this task could go to one of two
characters Deadshot government named
Floyd Lawton is one of the most
accomplished assassins in a DC you and
yet has a somewhat intact sense of Honor
motivated by love for his daughter
he'll do what it takes to make any
mission a success our second pick is
Deathstroke Slade Wilson is increasingly
becoming a pop culture icon while he's
also an assassin he has heightened
abilities and uses 90 percent of his
brain function in the identity crisis
storyline he managed to shut down the
Justice League in seconds all by his
self so with either of these
cold-hearted killers at the helm our
team would be in good hands
bloody good hands but still good hands
need number three would be one that
could take care of two birds with one
stone not only does the team need a
lady's touch but since most moviegoers
will have no idea who the Suicide Squad
are we need at least one recognizable
character Harlequin is a huge fan
favorite she provided an extra touch of
crazy sexy adorable that could keep
things interesting her high intelligence
gymnastics and martial arts skills and
most importantly her unpredictable
nature would make her identity Shinto
the team of course if they wanted
someone a little more stable on a team
Catwoman would be an equally perfect
stealth skill yeah I just did that
acrobatics of course an ability to
handle a whip that would make even
Indiana Jones jealous would make her a
great asset she also teeters the line of
antihero enough that she could serve as
a moral compass when things get way too
real if neither of them are an option
our wild card slot goes to poison ivy
who could use a fresh take after her
portrayal and Batman and Robin spot four
on our need is a monster we're talking
about a larger-than-life group that
makes everything else uncomfortable just
being in the same room King shark has
been a popular choice both in his more
human representations or in his giant
humanoid form that resembles a massive
walking shark either way a towering
muscle-bound man shark thing that can
bite through anything and is just called
shark fits the description another
choice one that is more well known as
Bane not only does he have the adequate
bulk and terribly intimidating
personality but he is also led
organizations plus being the one guy who
broke the back of the bat works out
really well for your street credit score
other behemoths to be considered would
be Killer Croc or block buster
yeah the Suicide Squad isn't always
composed of straight-up villains
sometimes a hero who has had some
missteps ends up on a roster their
general disdain for their criminal
teammates makes for some great choking
ly thick tension one recommendation
would be Roy Harper Green Arrow's former
sidekick speedy aka Arsenal he's served
time on his squad and his tech-savvy
abilities archery and weapon skills and
I don't have time for your crap attitude
could be an ideal fit plus the training
of coming up under the shadow of the
Justice League will make for a serious
team asset on the same lines Jason Todd
former Robin now known as a Red Hood
went from wearing read ridged underwear
and pixie shoes in public to mowing down
people with machine guns and slitting
throats when you have a former hero who
hates criminals and is more pissed off
than Batman it's bound to get epic
levels of dangerous real fast numero six
what's up with Captain Boomerang George
Harkness has been tossing boomerangs for
the squad for almost 30 years so let's
include them in a lineup of course his
presence could take away from the
validity of the group when you are
dealing with psycho murders and shady
government agents and a guy dressed like
a male flight attendant hurling
boomerangs he just may not seem like the
best fit so if the captain is included
he has to be written and portrayed well
enough that you don't even ask why the
hell is there a guy with a boomerang if
DC can truly learn to not only embrace
and be bold and eccentricities of their
characters he can be the greatest
Australian superhero villain to grace
the screen since Crocodile Dundee is
evil twin and not least but last give
them a reason to be called The Suicide
Squad we need to see them put up against
a threat so big that the concept that
they will make it out alive
is truly laughable pit them against
overwhelming circumstances and DC
most brutal expendable heroes throw the
world Adam for that matter
situations so all inspiring and dire
that we want to root for the bad guys
but don't let us forget the fact that
they are the bad guys this is a
guardians of the galaxy
they aren't loveable rogues who are
going to fly off into space listening in
to Jackson 5 these are people who
deserve to be behind bars in solitude
thousands of feet underground
give us your worst we'll have to wait to
see how many of our needs get met when
the Suicide Squad arrives in theaters on
August 5th 2016 but before then we have
Batman vs Superman dawn of Justice look
forward to and to find out what 7 things
we need to see in that movie go ahead
and click here but first what do you
need to see happen in the Suicide Squad
movie share your list with us in the
comments or tweet us at clever movies
and be sure to hit that subscribe button
for the latest news on Suicide Squad and
all your most anticipated movies i'm
Flitz until next time